dev-util/mkinitramfs ** ~arm
dev-util/script_header_brendlefly ** ~arm
dev-util/script_header_brendlefly_extended ** ~arm
dev-util/Terminal ** ~arm
dev-util/compareConfigs ** ~arm
net-misc/cloudsync ** ~arm
app-portage/gus ** ~arm

sys-apps/busybox ~arm

sys-power/cpupower ~arm
sys-apps/rng-tools ** ~arm

media-libs/raspberrypi-userland ** ~arm
sys-boot/raspberrypi-firmware ** ~arm
sys-boot/raspberrypi-mkimage ** ~arm
sys-kernel/raspberrypi-image ** ~arm
sys-kernel/raspberrypi-sources ** ~arm

app-misc/scrub ** ~arm
app-emulation/libvirt ** ~arm
app-emulation/qemu ** ~arm
app-text/xhtml1 ** ~arm

app-editors/xemacs ** ~arm
app-xemacs/emerge ** ~arm
app-xemacs/xemacs-base ** ~arm

x11-base/xorg-drivers ~arm
x11-drivers/xf86-input-evdev ~arm
x11-drivers/xf86-input-keyboard ~arm
x11-drivers/xf86-input-mouse ~arm
app-portage/layman ~arm

sys-libs/glibc ~arm
#dev-lang/perl ~arm
sys-libs/readline ~arm
